hey it's Aaron the hope for mobile
reviews a CA and this is a lifeproof fre
for the iPhone 6 and so today we are
going to do a whole bunch of awful
things to it this case is waterproof up
to a depth of 6.6 feet it is droppable
from a height of 6.6 feet so generally
if you're looking for a decent case
lifeproof cases are probably the way to
go I am pretty surprised at how thin
this case is given the amount of
protection it provides we've already
done the water test for it left it in a
bucket of water for about 6 or 30
minutes and we took a look inside the
case and it's completely dry now I live
in the landlocked province of Alberta we
don't touch any sort of large body a
wider so the best thing that we got is
this little garbage can of water I've
got an iPhone 6 so used to saying iPhone
5s I got an iPhone 6 here bucket of
water and I have no problems dropping
that iPhone into that bucket of water in
the lifeproof fre as you can tell that's
an iPhone now if you're wondering how
the case stays waterproof there is an
inner seal on the inside of the case and
the two pieces just really snap together
one of the things I did notice is that
when the case doesn't have an iPhone in
it's got a it's got a bit of a warp to
it and I guess that probably adds to the
auto protection of the case now the
thing with waterproof cases is that if
it's not going to leak water into the
cavity right now there's a good chance
that it's going to be waterproof up to
6.6 feet probably even deeper only
because with greater water pressure it's
going to clamp down on the cases even
more as creating a better waterproof
seal the only time we've seen a
waterproof case fail is when there was a
puncture in the actual oring which as
the pressure increased the water went
through the puncture but it doesn't look
like there's anything wrong with that
iPhone 6 in there so the iPhone looks
pretty clean clear again the diffusion
of the thing of the screen really annoys
me but hey what can you do about that
there's no water on the inside there so
generally I'd feel pretty comfortable
taking this to the ocean again if you're
going to do that make sure you clean
your case every once in a while and make
sure you do the water test because these
could fail now the next thing we are
going to do is drop it from a height of
6 feet which I'm five eight and a bit
six or this case
out from 6.6 feet first will do I don't
know a normal height drop see how high
that bounced so a bit of scuffing again
not a big fan of how that corner pops
out but water stayed out of it some I'm
happy the next thing we're going to do
5/8
I think that's approximately six feet
will drop it from this angle and we'll
see what happens
oh that case is definitely not
waterproof anymore well so the case
doesn't quite hold up to a six point six
foot drop it looks like that is pretty
messed up definitely not waterproof so
just totally destroyed my 70 dollar
lifeproof fre which took an extra fifty
dollars to ship to Canada now the last
thing I really wanted to know was how
tough the screen protector was it says
you can drop it from 6.6 feet can you
drop it from a height of 6.6 feet
face-first now this is concrete and
that's pretty boring let's move it out
to this spot where there is a nice
mixture of sadness of dead leaves
cigarette butts in some really nice
gravel rocks that we can drop our stuff
from so well
that was a nice bounce screen still
looks pretty intact no cracking that's
pretty awesome I don't know if I got a
rock that let's well that's a nice sharp
rock good aim for that uh I totally
missed come on rock oh I missed again
why is this so hard
oh there we go I totally got it and well
it is completely uh awesome
Green does not look cracked let's go
inside and take a closer look at it all
right so we're back inside now and I
quickly went through the footage and I
did notice that my pivot heads didn't
actually go off for some of the video so
I do apologize for that but we're going
to take it apart and right before we did
the video we went and smell I guess we
measured to see if our iPhone 6 was bent
by putting on a pretty flat surface and
it wasn't so be interesting to see after
dropping the iPhone 6 from about 6 feet
a couple of times a bunch of times from
about 4 feet if the iPhone 6 remains
flat so let's find out so there is the
iPhone as you can tell still turns on
which is always a nice thing when you do
drop test with eight $900 devices fill
it back I just pulled up my the o-ring
and I'm sure that we fine marries the
iPhone so as you can tell the iPhone
doesn't seem to have any damage and
doesn't look like any of the rocks went
through the screen protector screen
protector itself seems a pretty decent
I'm pretty surprised at how strong the
screen protector is so that sound is a
bunch of dogs running around the office
which is always pretty awesome so
there's the phone it's still pretty flat
that's pretty surprising but all in all
after all that torture my iPhone 6 still
works so so what do you guys think
despite the fact that there is a gaping
hole in the top of my iPhone now do you
guys think that this case protected it I
would say yes but now I've literally
wasted $80 in a case
that I definitely won't be able to use
in any sort of water scenario so if you
found this kind of useful entertaining
at least give it a thumbs up that'd be
really helpful if you want to help a
little bit more I did just go through
another $80 case which cost about $130
to ship to Canada should really be doing
I should really move um
do considering supporting us by getting
a t-shirt or through patreon it takes
quite a bit time and effort to do these
tests so if any sort of help would be
greatly appreciated if this first-time
watch one of my videos click subscribe
because we do really crazy things to
really expensive devices thanks for
watching
you